---
layout: minimal
title: "Test SQL Saturday Code of Conduct"
permalink: testeventcoc
subtitle: ""
thumb: /assets/img/logos/Just_icon_Color_small.png
comments: false
testevent: 1
---
# [SQL Saturday Jacksonville 2022 (#1022)](https://sqlsaturday.com/testevent)


## SQL Saturday Test Event Code of Conduct

This code of conduct outlines our expectations for participants within the Community, as well as steps to reporting unacceptable behaviour. We are committed to providing a welcoming and inspiring community for all and expect our code of conduct to be honoured. Anyone who violates this code of conduct may be banned from the community.

Our aim to foster a community that strives to:

- Be friendly and patient.
- Be welcoming: We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, colour, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
- Be considerate: Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn will depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect users and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making decisions. Remember that we're a world-wide community, so you might not be communicating in someone else's primary language.
- Be respectful: Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behaviour and poor manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It's important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one.
- Be careful in the words that we choose: we are a community of professionals, and we conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other participants. Harassment and other exclusionary behaviour are not acceptable.
- Try to understand why we disagree: Disagreements, both social and technical, happen all the time. It is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively. Remember that we're different. The strength of our community comes from its diversity, people from a wide range of backgrounds. Different people have different perspectives on issues. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint doesn't mean that they're wrong. Don"t forget that it is human to err and blaming each other doesn't get us anywhere. Instead, focus on helping to resolve issues and learning from mistakes.
- We will prioritize marginalized people's safety over privileged people's comfort. We will not act on complaints regarding:
    - "Reverse" -isms, including "reverse racism," "reverse sexism," and "cisphobia"
    - Reasonable communication of boundaries, such as "leave me alone," "go away," or "I'm not discussing this with you"
    - Refusal to explain or debate social justice concepts
    - Communicating in a "tone" you don't find congenial
    - Criticizing racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behaviour or assumptions
    
Return to the main <a href="https://sqlsaturday.com/testevent">Jacksonville SQL Saturday 2022 Event Page</a>